
This is my data structure Homework.
 
== Discripton ==

For the suggestions to a mis-spelled word, you can create a confusable set and then delete those not in the dictionary. To be more specific, for a given mis-spelled word, the set can be generated by the following operations:
1. Insert: add a lowercase letter to all possible positions in the word.
2. Delete: delete a character in the word.
3. Substitute: substitute a character in the word with a lowercase letter.
4. Transpose: exchange two neighboring characters in the word.

We can denote the above set as S1(string), which is set of words that have edit distance of 1 to the given string. For instance, the number of elements in S1(‘something’) is 494 (with duplicate removed). 

Similarly, we can have S2(string) = S1(S1(string)), which is a set of words that have edit distance of 2 to the given string. This set is easy to write, but takes much longer to compute. For instance, the size of S2(‘something’) is 114324(with duplicates removed). Then we need to remove words not in the dictionary. If this step is denoted as clean, then our approach is like this:
A. x1=S1(‘something’)
B. x2=S1(x1)
C. out=clean(x1 or x2), that is, out='seething', 'smoothing', 'something', 'somethings', 'soothing'

== Input Format ==

There are two input files:
1. dictionary.txt: The dictionary. Please download it from Kaggle.
2. test.txt: The test cases. In the input file, each line consists a word. The 
words are either correct (in the dictionary) or mis-spelled (not in the 
dictionary). 

== Algorithm ==

I used hash table to create the dictionary, and used recursion to find all S1 ans S2.

== Result ==

I submitted my code to Online Judge system. My accuracy is 100% and runtime if less than 3000 ms.
